this is before disabling this setting
and this is after disabling this setting
pretty cool right so you need to disable
this one setting right now to boost FPS
and reduce tutors in all games it is
related to the windows memory
compression and this will work for both
Windows 10 and windows 11 as well as any
low and mid or high-end PC this will
help you get more FPS and make your
games much more Smoother by reducing the
status so let's dive into it so the
first thing that you want to do is open
up your start menu and search for
Powershell go ahead and right click on
it and run it as administrator so once
the Powershell opens up go ahead and
type in get Dash mm agent just like I
have typed in and hit enter this is
going to go ahead and provide you with a
couple of lines of information the one
we are looking for is the memory
compression and by default it should be
set to true for you however for me it
was set to false now this is the setting
that we're going to be going ahead and
changing but before that I need to tell
you guys what it actually does so memory
compression compresses the the inactive
data size or the used Ram to free up
additional RAM for the more processes or
the apps such as your games however this
compression can cause a lot of stutters
and give you lower performance in most
games in theory it is a good setting to
have on for most PCS however it can
cause performance loss especially when
you aren't fully choosing the ram so
disabling it could improve FPS and
decrease the status in the game just
keep in mind that for some people
keeping it on may work better for others
keeping it off may work better so for
those of you guys who do a lot of
multitasking or run a lot of background
apps while gaming you should keep it on
however for those of you guys who want
the best gaming performance and only use
a couple of apps such as your Discord or
maybe Spotify while gaming then go ahead
and disable it these are my benchmarks
if you guys can see now I know the
difference of FPS between the disable
and enable is not much however if you
look at the smoothness I was getting
much more smoother gameplay while
keeping it disabled as well as much more
consistent 0.1 percent FPS so how do you
go ahead and disable or enable it so for
the sake of the video I have turned it
to True which should be default for all
of you guys because first I'm gonna go
ahead and show you guys how to disable
it so in order to do that just go ahead
and type in the disable then Dash mm
agent just like this then space Dash m c
and then go ahead and hit enter now the
memory compression should have been
turned off in order to check whether it
has been turned off or not go ahead and
type in get Dash mm agent and hit enter
and now as you guys can see that the
memory compression is set to false now
all you need to do is go ahead and
restart your PC and then launch into
your favorite game just make sure that
you have a relative idea of how much fps
you were getting before changing this
setting and now you can go ahead and
test it against this however if you're
getting less FPS then you were already
or if you feel like that your gameplay
is not as smooth as you want then go
ahead and enable it once again and in
order to do that all you need to do is
go ahead and come back here type in
enable then Dash mm agent space Dash MC
and then hit enter and now it should
have been enabled once again go ahead
and type in get Dash mm agent and now it
has been set to true however as you guys
have seen from my benchmarks and from a
lot of other sources I have gathered
setting it to disable will work the best
for most of you guys so all you need to
do is go into the game first get an idea
of your average FPS and then come here
disable the setting and then go back
into your game to test whether you're
getting smoother gameplay or not the
setting is also really easy to enable
and disable as you guys have seen But
now that you are done here check out
this free tool to optimize your Windows
10 or Windows 11 for ultimate gaming and
performance
[Music]